hey guys Jamie here and bringing you
another guide on how to do stuff in
games so this guide will be how to build
pixel art in Minecraft but here's how
you is what you want to do you want to
type into google sprite craft cuz sprite
craft is a program that is that helps
you build Pixar in Minecraft because
here's what it does it's what it does is
it uses images from your computer and
converts them into blocks which is like
like it just helps you really really
much when building Pixar pay if your
artistic enough you can just use the
images of the internet and build pixel
art but if you want to do it the easy
way then this is what you want to do you
want to download sprite craft and you
have two options on the website you can
download the free version which is just
free or you can download the full
version and the free version it's not
well it allows you to build pixel art
but not great great pixel art like if
things like all images are kept to a
certain size but if you down at the full
version then you can make the images as
small as you want big as you want and
why does he want tall as you want
anything but unfortunately the full
version they
we're not unfortunately fortunately in
the full version you can pay what you
want but and if you want to you can pay
free you can just download it for free
but if you want but if you're feeling
generous then buy it with money because
all the money they think us all the
money that you earn all the money that
you use goes to child's play which is a
charity that gives toys and games to
kids and it's like really like it's a
it's a wonderful charity I really hope
that some of you out there do donate
because they really need the money and
that's it but anyway anyway download the
full version I recommend if you're
feeling generous pay but if you don't
want to that's fine you don't have to
and then open it up because and find an
image you want to use off the internet
or something so like um I know anything
you want anything you want and download
it to your computer so like save it and
select save image as on on on an
internet photo and then you want to open
up sprite craft and you want to open up
the picture in screens by craft and then
it will come up with so and then it will
come up with the picture and and then
you can um set its size and everything
and then you can say create minecraft
own blueprint so like and like just as a
demonstration it in the video you'll see
put in the video you'll see that your
seats but you can see that I used the I
demonstration one which is the sprite
craft logo and I set it to our sixteen
by sixteen and it was like terrible
terrible quality but then I set it to
quite quite a lot bigger and it became
pretty good quality and you can see that
like it really helps it's all weekly so
and then and then you couldn't just know
how to build it like and then you have
two choices you can go into Minecraft
and build it like that or you could do
it do the easier option and download
this thing off the internet called
Minecraft edit or edit which is a like a
separate program for Minecraft and what
it does is it puts you like install this
like weird mode we can like a build
staff like you can track like blocks on
on live like build giant structures and
all that but what you want to do is you
want to like open up minecraft edits
you'll see this in the video and what
you want to do is you want to click
import
and you want to and by the way by the
way if you're happy with the picture in
our sprite craft you want to click Save
schematic and then in edit you want to
like click import and import the
schematic and then you can and then you
can place that sound picture anywhere
you want in the world you can place it
anywhere you can place on a mountain or
anything and it will like just be like
it looked in the earth in the picture
and you and you'll have a creation and
that's basically it guys it's very very
very simple to use you can build
pictures yourself you can import them in
with like edit and then you can go in
the world in the game and the download
links will be in the description and if
you want to build some awesome pixel art
then download sprite craft and if you're
feeling generous donate to chance play
because it really helps out so thanks a
lot guys for watching and I'll see you
in the next guide for more tips and
tricks